---
title: Project Requirements V1
---

September 30, 2015

Purpose of This Document
========================

This document summarizes scope of the exploreapollo.org project. The
**Project Scope** section enumerates the user experience features that
are required. The **Features** section is a technical breakdown of the
individual elements that make up the **Project Scope**.

Terms
=====

-   [*Moment*](#moments)

-   [*Story*](#story)

-   [*User*](#users)

Project Scope
=============

Static Website
--------------

-   A user should be able to visit exploreapollo.org and be presented
    > with information about the project and an option to access the
    > main application.

Application Index
-----------------

-   Show a list of featured stories

-   Show a list of features moments

Story Overview
--------------

-   Gives an overview of the Story’s moments

-   Shows a list of Story’s moments

-   Has a freeform description body field

Moment Viewer
-------------

-   Mission Elapsed Time timeline

    -   Behaves like a regular audio player where the begin time is MET
        > = 0 and the end time is the end of the mission audio

    -   There is a track head that indicates the current position in the
        > audio

    -   For the current *Moment* there is a highlighted range that
        > indicates the start and end time of a *Moment*.

-   Moment Body

    -   Displays freeform content associated with a Moment.

    -   Showcases “related” moments, if they exist. Similar to how a
        > blog post might have “related” content.

-   Transcripts

    -   A stream of transcript elements that correspond with the
        > playback of the current *Moment*.

    -   This is similar to a stream of messages in a chat room.

    -   Each transcript element has

        -   Speaker

        -   Channel

        -   Photo

        -   Timecode

        -   Message

-   Up Next

    -   Lists the *Moments* that are available as a next action

    -   A user can click on the related moment and they are taken to
        > that *Moment’s* player

Moment Creator
--------------

-   User has the ability to create a moment

-   Has fields for start time and end time

-   Field for title

-   Text editor for moment body

Story Creator
-------------

-   An interactive interface allowing user to pick moments from a
    > provided list in a separate area, and from the story creator the
    > user should be able to organize the moments and click save when
    > finished to create the story having these particular moments.

User Account Management
-----------------------

-   A visitor can sign up from the homepage

-   A user must verify their email before they can use it

-   A user can resend the verification email

-   A user has a dashboard where they can see the stories and moments
    > they have created.

### Sign Up Process

1.  User fills in sign up form. Only show required fields: name, email,
    > password.

2.  User is directed to a page that says something like “You must verify
    > your email before you can access your account”.

3.  A user clicks a link in their email to verify their account

4.  The user’s account is verified and they

Features
========

Users
-----

-   Can create and own Stories and Moments

-   Users have a

    -   name: First name and or last name, we don’t care

    -   email: unique email for user

    -   password: must be at least 8 characters in length

-   A user’s email must be verified before they can create anything.

-   Has a dashboard where owned stories and moments can be viewed and
    > their editors can be launched

Moments
-------

-   An entity representing a real-life conversation in respect to a
    > particular topic. A moment is engaged by a group of people who
    > actively participate in the conversation

-   A single moment comprises of multiple channels that are remotely
    > enabled via the web server.

-   Moment attributes

    -   MET (start/end time)

    -   A list of “up next” moments displayed toward the end of “now
        > playing” moment

    -   Transcript

    -   Background information

    -   Others: images, video, fun facts, etc

-   Moment is pre-defined and provided to user at run time

Story
-----

-   Progression of *Moments* presented as audio clips that are relevant
    > to a user-defined topic of interest.

-   The user will be able to navigate to different *Moments* in a
    > *Story* by selecting the corresponding range on the MET

-   User should be able to create a new story and save it for later
